BokehJS works great with large data sets and can be used to make many charts and visuals. Some of these include maps, bar graphs, pie charts,
line graphs, and many others. It can directly work with javascript or take in code written in python, R, or a few other languages. BokehJS
has a great reputation for making interactive visualizations and allows callbacks and visuals to move in sync. Examples of projects built with
BokehJS can be found here: https://docs.bokeh.org/en/0.11.0/docs/gallery.html 

Altair is a library that is best known for exploratory data analysis. As such it is not clear if it can handle working with all the data need for
our project. Also it isn't evident that Altair works directly with javascript; it can work with python and then render its output in javascript
on the frontend but visuals can't be written in javascript. In fact, it isn't clear if there is an Altair javascript library. Lastly, callbacks
are not supported by Altair. That means each application made using Altair can only query one dataset. It may take a clever database schema
to make sure that more sophisticated visuals like a chloropleth map can display all the needed data drilldowns.

D3 is a very low level library for data visuals. It is made to work with javascript and allows a ton of creative freedom. However, making a visual
with D3 may require someone with a graphic design background. Also there isn't an SVG file of the LA neighborhood councils. That means that
making a map of the neighborhood councils will require converting a GeoJSON file into an SVG before a useful map can be built. The data will
have to be processed and analyzed in some other language like python before it can be used by D3 as data analysis is very cumbersome with the library.
All in all, D3 has the highest potential but steepest learning curve out of all the options.

Dash is another library that can be used to make visuals. It is similar to working with BokehJS except that it doesn't allow direct support
for javascript. Javascript is created by a renderer that takes in python or R code and the renderer's javascript is what the user sees. It
can be used for more than just exploratory data analysis but it isn't clear how well it can work with geojson files that deal with multi-polygons.
If it cannot work with multi-polygons than rendering neighborhood councils or anything with an unusual shape will be difficult. However, it
can easily output traditional visuals like bar graphs, line graphs, pie charts and the like. It also allows callbacks to be easily implemented.
In short, Dash is great for making traditional interactive visualizations but not so much for less traditional ones like chloropleth maps.
